d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium cryptum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
d__Bacteria;p__Proteobacteria;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Acetobacterales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__Acidiphilium multivorum
