p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Crambeidae;g__Crambe;s__Crambe crambe
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Crellidae;g__Crella;s__Crella incrustans
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Esperiopsidae;g__Amphilectus;s__Amphilectus fucorum
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Microcionidae;sf__Ophlitaspongiinae;g__Ophlitaspongia;s__Ophlitaspongia papilla
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Mycalidae;g__Mycale;sg__Mycale;s__Mycale laxissima
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Mycalidae;g__Mycale;sg__Mycale;s__Mycale hentscheli
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Tedaniidae;g__Tedania;sg__Tedania
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Isodictyidae;g__Coelocarteria
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Poecilosclerida;f__Hymedesmiidae;g__Hymedesmia
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Haplosclerida;f__Callyspongiidae;g__Arenosclera;s__Arenosclera brasiliensis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Haplosclerida;f__Chalinidae;g__Haliclona;sg__Haliclona;s__Haliclona cymaeformis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Haplosclerida;f__Petrosiidae;g__Petrosia;sg__Petrosia;s__Petrosia ficiformis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Tetractinellida;so__Astrophorina;f__Geodiidae;sf__Erylinae;g__Melophlus;s__Melophlus sarasinorum
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Tetractinellida;so__Astrophorina;f__Theonellidae;g__Theonella;s__Theonella swinhoei
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Tetractinellida;so__Thoosina;f__Thoosidae;g__Neamphius;s__Neamphius huxleyi
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Axinellida;f__Axinellidae;g__Axinella;s__Axinella mexicana
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Axinellida;f__Axinellidae;g__Cymbastela;s__Cymbastela concentrica
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Axinellida;f__Raspailiidae;g__Hymeraphia;s__Hymeraphia stellifera
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Suberitida;f__Halichondriidae;g__Halichondria;sg__Halichondria;s__Halichondria oshoro
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Suberitida;f__Suberitidae;g__Suberites
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Agelasida;f__Agelasidae;g__Agelas;s__Agelas tubulata
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Agelasida;f__Agelasidae;g__Agelas;s__Agelas oroides
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Clionaida;f__Clionaidae;g__Cliona;s__Cliona orientalis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Polymastiida;f__Polymastiidae;g__Polymastia;s__Polymastia penicillus
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Heteroscleromorpha;o__Scopalinida;f__Scopalinidae;g__Stylissa;s__Stylissa flabelliformis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Dysideidae;g__Dysidea;s__Dysidea avara
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Dysideidae;g__Lamellodysidea;s__Lamellodysidea herbacea
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Irciniidae;g__Ircinia;s__Ircinia ramosa
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Irciniidae;g__Ircinia;s__Ircinia variabilis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Spongiidae;g__Coscinoderma;s__Coscinoderma mathewsi
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Spongiidae;g__Rhopaloeides;s__Rhopaloeides odorabile
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Spongiidae;g__Spongia;sg__Spongia;s__Spongia officinalis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Thorectidae;g__Carteriospongia;s__Carteriospongia foliascens
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Keratosa;o__Dictyoceratida;f__Thorectidae;g__Phyllospongia;s__Phyllospongia foliascens
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Verongimorpha;o__Chondrillida;f__Chondrillidae;g__Chondrilla;s__Chondrilla australiensis
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Verongimorpha;o__Verongiida;f__Aplysinidae;g__Aplysina;s__Aplysina aerophoba
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Verongimorpha;o__Verongiida;f__Ianthellidae;g__Hexadella;s__Hexadella dedritifera
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Verongimorpha;o__Verongiida;f__Pseudoceratinidae;g__Pseudoceratina
p__Porifera;c__Demospongiae;sc__Verongimorpha;o__Verongiida;f__Ianthellidae;g__Ianthella
p__Porifera;c__Hexactinellida;sc__Amphidiscophora;o__Amphidiscosida;f__Hyalonematidae;g__Lophophysema;s__Lophophysema eversa
p__Porifera;c__Hexactinellida;sc__Hexasterophora;o__Sceptrulophora;f__Aphrocallistidae;g__Aphrocallistes;s__Aphrocallistes beatrix
p__Porifera;c__Hexactinellida;sc__Hexasterophora;o__Lyssacinosida;f__Leucopsacidae;g__Oopsacas;s__Oopsacas minuta
p__Porifera;c__Homoscleromorpha;sc__Homoscleromorpha;o__Homosclerophorida;f__Oscarellidae;g__Oscarella;s__Oscarella lobularis
p__Porifera;c__Calcarea;sc__Calcinea;o__Clathrinida;f__Leucettidae;g__Pericharax;s__Pericharax heteroraphis
p__Cnidaria;c__Hexacorallia;sc__Hexacorallia;o__Scleractinia;f__Madreporidae;g__Madrepora(Porites)
p__Cnidaria;c__Hexacorallia;sc__Hexacorallia;o__Scleractinia;f__Acroporidae;g__Acropora(Isopora)
p__Cnidaria;c__Hexacorallia;sc__Hexacorallia;o__Scleractinia;f__Montastraeidae;g__Montastraea
p__Cnidaria;c__Hexacorallia;sc__Hexacorallia;o__Scleractinia;f__Poritidae;g__Porites;s__Porites lutea
p__Cnidaria;c__Hexacorallia;sc__Hexacorallia;o__Scleractinia;f__Acroporidae;g__Isopora;s__Isopora palifera
p__Rhodophyta;c__Florideophyceae;sc__Rhodymeniophycidae;o__Gelidiales;f__Gelidiaceae;g__Gelidium
p__Rhodophyta;c__Florideophyceae;sc__Rhodymeniophycidae;o__Halymeniales;f__Grateloupiaceae;g__Grateloupia
p__Rhodophyta;c__Bangiophyceae;sc__Bangiophycidae;o__Bangiales;f__Bangiaceae;g__Neoporphyra
p__Ochrophyta;c__Phaeophyceae;sc__Fucophycidae;o__Laminariales;f__Laminariaceae;g__Nereocystis
p__Chlorophyta;c__Ulvophyceae;o__Ulvales;f__Ulvaceae;g__Ulva
